How to set `Topology spread constraints` (#633)
harvester/docs: docs/host/host.md

4. Select **Save** to remove the disk.

> ## Topology spread constraints
> 
> _Available as of v1.1.0_
> 
> Topology spread constraints rely on node labels to identify the topology domain(s) that each node is in.
> The labels can be set up through the Harvester UI on the host page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Topology Spread Constraints

[Node labels](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/#node-labels) are used to identify the topology domains that each node is in. You can configure labels such as [`topology.kubernetes.io/zone`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/#topologykubernetesiozone) on the Harvester UI.
```

Reviewer: I slightly modified the sentence that you lifted from the Kubernetes doc (to avoid issues) and added links to relevant topics.

> 1. Go to the **Hosts** page.
> 2. On the node you want to modify, click **⋮ > Edit Config**.
> 3. Select the **Labels** tab and press **Add Label**.
> 4. Enter the label `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` and a value of your choice.
> 
> The label is automatically synchronized to corresponding Longhorn node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the **Hosts** screen.

1. Locate the target node in the list, and then select **⋮ > Edit Config**.

1. On the **Labels** tab, click **Add Label** and then specify the label `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` and a value.

1. Click **Save**.

The label is automatically synchronized with the corresponding Longhorn node.
```
